README.md, before:

# xmem

Hybrid memory orchestrator for LLMs: combines long-term, session, and real-time context management for smarter, more relevant AI. Open-source, privacy-first, and easy to integrate.

---

## Features

- **Hybrid Memory**: Long-term, session, and context memory for LLMs
- **Open-Source First**: Works with any open-source LLM (Llama, Mistral, etc.) and vector DB
- **Effortless Integration**: Simple API and dashboard for seamless integration and monitoring
- **Vector DB Support**: Qdrant, ChromaDB, Pinecone, and more
- **Session Store**: Redis, MongoDB, and others
- **LLM Provider Agnostic**: Llama.cpp, Ollama, and more (OpenAI supported, but open-source preferred)
- **Public ML Service**: Consumes the public ML service at [Hugging Face Spaces: Olserra/xmem](https://huggingface.co/spaces/Olserra/xmem/)

---

## Architecture

- **Next.js Dashboard**: Modern UI for managing memory, sessions, and integrations
- **ML Backend**: Connects to open-source LLMs and vector DBs
- **API**: RESTful endpoints for memory operations

---

## ML Service

xmem leverages the public ML service hosted at [Hugging Face Spaces: Olserra/xmem](https://huggingface.co/spaces/Olserra/xmem/). This service provides open, reproducible memory and LLM orchestration for research and production use.

---

## Getting Started

Install dependencies:

```sh
pnpm install
# or
yarn install
# or
npm install
# or
bun install
```

Run the development server:

```sh
pnpm dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
npm run dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

---

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open issues or pull requests. For major changes, discuss them first in an issue.

- Follow the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/)

---

## License

xmem is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

The xmem name and logo are trademarks of their respective owners.

---

## Links

- [Hugging Face Space: Olserra/xmem](https://huggingface.co/spaces/Olserra/xmem/)

Commit message:

Add branching and pull request guidelines to README.md
- Introduced a new section outlining branching strategies and pull request practices.
- Specified the use of descriptive branch names and the process for opening pull requests into the develop branch.
- Clarified the role of the maintainer in managing releases from develop to main.

README.md, after:

# xmem

Hybrid memory orchestrator for LLMs: combines long-term, session, and real-time context management for smarter, more relevant AI. Open-source, privacy-first, and easy to integrate.

---

## Features

- **Hybrid Memory**: Long-term, session, and context memory for LLMs
- **Open-Source First**: Works with any open-source LLM (Llama, Mistral, etc.) and vector DB
- **Effortless Integration**: Simple API and dashboard for seamless integration and monitoring
- **Vector DB Support**: Qdrant, ChromaDB, Pinecone, and more
- **Session Store**: Redis, MongoDB, and others
- **LLM Provider Agnostic**: Llama.cpp, Ollama, and more (OpenAI supported, but open-source preferred)
- **Public ML Service**: Consumes the public ML service at [Hugging Face Spaces: Olserra/xmem](https://huggingface.co/spaces/Olserra/xmem/)

---

## Architecture

- **Next.js Dashboard**: Modern UI for managing memory, sessions, and integrations
- **ML Backend**: Connects to open-source LLMs and vector DBs
- **API**: RESTful endpoints for memory operations

---

## ML Service

xmem leverages the public ML service hosted at [Hugging Face Spaces: Olserra/xmem](https://huggingface.co/spaces/Olserra/xmem/). This service provides open, reproducible memory and LLM orchestration for research and production use.

---

## Getting Started

Install dependencies:

```sh
pnpm install
# or
yarn install
# or
npm install
# or
bun install
```

Run the development server:

```sh
pnpm dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
npm run dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

---

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open issues or pull requests. For major changes, discuss them first in an issue.

- Follow the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/)

### Branching & Pull Requests

- Always branch from the `develop` branch.
- Use descriptive branch names, prefixed with `feature/` for new features (e.g. `feature/new-feature-name`) or `fix/` for bug fixes (e.g. `fix/some-fix`).
- Open pull requests from your feature/fix branch **into** the `develop` branch.
- Releases are managed by the maintainer, who will merge `develop` into `main` as needed.

---

## License

xmem is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

The xmem name and logo are trademarks of their respective owners.

---

## Links

- [Hugging Face Space: Olserra/xmem](https://huggingface.co/spaces/Olserra/xmem/)
